README.md, before:

## Hi there, I'm Ruben - aka [rubeniskov][website] 👋

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?label=rubeniskov.com&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Frubeniskov.com)](https://rubeniskov.com)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/rubeniskov?color=1DA1F2&logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frubeniskov&screen_name=rubeniskov)

### I am a programming enthusiast

- Experienced developer in react, typescript and other languages
- Starting my journey in rust
- Playing with marching learning
- I’m currently learning everything 🤣
- Looking to collaborate with other developers
- Making my own custom [CB500 Cafe Racer](https://github.com/rubeniskov/cb500_caferacer)

### My library of Books

- [Physics for Game Developers](https://www.amazon.es/Physics-Game-Developers-Science-realistic/dp/1449392512)
- [Introduction to Algorithms, fourth edition](https://www.amazon.es/Introduction-Algorithms-fourth-Thomas-Cormen/dp/026204630X)
- [Vehicles- Valentino Braitenberg](https://www.agapea.com/libros/Vehicles-9780262521123-i.htm)
- [Manual Practico de Linux](https://www.libun.edu.pe/carrito/principal.php/articulo/00060584)
- [Introducing Go](https://dokumen.pub/introducing-go-build-reliable-scalable-programs-9781491941959-1491941952.html)
- [Deep Learning (Adaptive Computation and Machine Learning series)](https://www.amazon.es/Deep-Learning-Ian-Goodfellow/dp/0262035618)
- [Learning Node](https://www.amazon.com/-/es/Shelley-Powers/dp/1449323073)

### People who inspired me

- Andrej Karpathy - Machine learning doctor [website](https://karpathy.ai/) | [github](https://github.com/karpathy) | [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/andrejkarpathy)
- James Halliday - Creator of browserify and amazing stream tools [website](https://substack.net/) | [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faxfLmChjVQ)
- Iñigo Quilez - Computer Graphics Engineer  [website](https://iquilezles.org/)
- Mikola Lysenko - Master in structures and functional programming [website](https://0fps.net/) | [github](https://github.com/mikolalysenko)
- Evans Wallace - Esbuild and Figma founder [website](https://madebyevan.com/) | [github](https://github.com/evanw)
- Kent C. Dodds - React best practices and clean code [website](https://kentcdodds.com/) | [github](https://github.com/evanw)
- Dan abramov - Redux creator and React collaborator [website](https://danabra.mov/) | [github](https://github.com/gaearon)

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/HTML">
  <img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/CSS">
  <img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/">
  <img align="left" alt="TypeScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/typescript/typescript.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://es.react.dev/">
  <img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.rust-lang.org/">
  <img align="left" alt="Rust" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/rust/rust.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://go.dev/">
  <img align="left" alt="Go" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/go/go.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://graphql.org/">
  <img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://graphql.org/">
  <img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://deno.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="Deno" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/361e2821e2dea67711cde99c9c40ed357061cf27/topics/deno/deno.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.mysql.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://git-scm.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.linux.org/">
  <img align="left" alt="Linux" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />
</a>

<br />

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="rubeniskov.com" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="rubeniskov | YouTube" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/youtube.svg" />][youtube]
[<img align="left" alt="rubeniskov | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="rubeniskov | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="rubeniskov | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]


<br />
<br />

## Recent projects

[![mutant-json](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=rubeniskov&repo=mutant-json)](https://github.com/rubeniskov/mutant-json)

[![traverse-json](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=rubeniskov&repo=traverse-json)](https://github.com/rubeniskov/traverse-json)

[![cuser](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=rubeniskov&repo=cuser)](https://github.com/rubeniskov/cuser)

[![cnix](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=rubeniskov&repo=cnix)](https://github.com/rubeniskov/cnix)

## GitHub Stats

[![Rubeniskov's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rubeniskov&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&rank_icon=github)](https://github.com/rubeniskov)


[website]: https://rubeniskov.com
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/rubeniskov
[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCr8zAUmVKtm40JwVLKivjQ
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/rubeniskov
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/rubeniskov

Commit message:

Add Jon Gjengset to contributors list

README.md, after:

## Hi there, I'm Ruben - aka [rubeniskov][website] 👋

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?label=rubeniskov.com&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Frubeniskov.com)](https://rubeniskov.com)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/rubeniskov?color=1DA1F2&logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?original_referer=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frubeniskov&screen_name=rubeniskov)

### I am a programming enthusiast

- Experienced developer in react, typescript and other languages
- Starting my journey in rust
- Playing with marching learning
- I’m currently learning everything 🤣
- Looking to collaborate with other developers
- Making my own custom [CB500 Cafe Racer](https://github.com/rubeniskov/cb500_caferacer)

### My library of Books

- [Physics for Game Developers](https://www.amazon.es/Physics-Game-Developers-Science-realistic/dp/1449392512)
- [Introduction to Algorithms, fourth edition](https://www.amazon.es/Introduction-Algorithms-fourth-Thomas-Cormen/dp/026204630X)
- [Vehicles- Valentino Braitenberg](https://www.agapea.com/libros/Vehicles-9780262521123-i.htm)
- [Manual Practico de Linux](https://www.libun.edu.pe/carrito/principal.php/articulo/00060584)
- [Introducing Go](https://dokumen.pub/introducing-go-build-reliable-scalable-programs-9781491941959-1491941952.html)
- [Deep Learning (Adaptive Computation and Machine Learning series)](https://www.amazon.es/Deep-Learning-Ian-Goodfellow/dp/0262035618)
- [Learning Node](https://www.amazon.com/-/es/Shelley-Powers/dp/1449323073)

### People who inspired me

- Andrej Karpathy - Machine learning doctor [website](https://karpathy.ai/) | [github](https://github.com/karpathy) | [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/andrejkarpathy)
- James Halliday - Creator of browserify and amazing stream tools [website](https://substack.net/) | [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faxfLmChjVQ)
- Iñigo Quilez - Computer Graphics Engineer  [website](https://iquilezles.org/)
- Mikola Lysenko - Master in structures and functional programming [website](https://0fps.net/) | [github](https://github.com/mikolalysenko)
- Evans Wallace - Esbuild and Figma founder [website](https://madebyevan.com/) | [github](https://github.com/evanw)
- Kent C. Dodds - React best practices and clean code [website](https://kentcdodds.com/) | [github](https://github.com/evanw)
- Dan abramov - Redux creator and React collaborator [website](https://danabra.mov/) | [github](https://github.com/gaearon)
- Jon Gjengset - Author of Rust for Rustaceans [website](https://thesquareplanet.com/) | [github](https://github.com/jonhoo) | [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/@jonhoo)

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/HTML">
  <img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/CSS">
  <img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/">
  <img align="left" alt="TypeScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/typescript/typescript.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://es.react.dev/">
  <img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.rust-lang.org/">
  <img align="left" alt="Rust" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/rust/rust.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://go.dev/">
  <img align="left" alt="Go" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/go/go.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://graphql.org/">
  <img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://graphql.org/">
  <img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://deno.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="Deno" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/361e2821e2dea67711cde99c9c40ed357061cf27/topics/deno/deno.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.mysql.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://git-scm.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/">
  <img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.linux.org/">
  <img align="left" alt="Linux" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />
</a>

<br />

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="rubeniskov.com" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="rubeniskov | YouTube" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/youtube.svg" />][youtube]
[<img align="left" alt="rubeniskov | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="rubeniskov | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="rubeniskov | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]


<br />
<br />

## Recent projects

[![mutant-json](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=rubeniskov&repo=mutant-json)](https://github.com/rubeniskov/mutant-json)

[![traverse-json](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=rubeniskov&repo=traverse-json)](https://github.com/rubeniskov/traverse-json)

[![cuser](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=rubeniskov&repo=cuser)](https://github.com/rubeniskov/cuser)

[![cnix](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=rubeniskov&repo=cnix)](https://github.com/rubeniskov/cnix)

## GitHub Stats

[![Rubeniskov's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rubeniskov&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&rank_icon=github)](https://github.com/rubeniskov)


[website]: https://rubeniskov.com
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/rubeniskov
[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCr8zAUmVKtm40JwVLKivjQ
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/rubeniskov
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/rubeniskov
